Hello, hello.
We are going to have a very interesting question.
What do you usually do on weekends?
¿Qué haces usualmente en los fines de semana?
So, what do you usually do on weekends?
Pretty good.
Again, what do you usually do on weekends?
What do you usually do on weekends?
Pretty good.
Nice.
So, you can say, I usually try to get
lots of sleep.
I usually try to get lots of sleep.
Normalmente, suelo tratar de dormir mucho.
So, I usually try to get lots of sleep.
You?
Pretty good.
Excellent.
Nice.
Once again, I usually try to get lots of sleep.
Pretty good.
Nice.
Now, I usually play football on Sundays.
I usually play football on Sundays.
You?
Pretty good.
Once again, I usually play football on Sundays.
Excellent.
Watch the video.
I usually hang out with friends.
You?
Excellent.
Pretty good.
Once again, I usually hang out with friends.
Nice.
I usually hang out with friends.
I usually take a shower.
Suelo ducharme.
Repeat.
Pretty good.
Excellent.
One more time.
I usually take a shower.
Pretty nice.
Nice.
Now, sometimes there's people that they
don't take showers while weak because
they say that, you know, they don't have
any time.
So, they try to take showers on weekends.
Although, I think this is not your case,
and I hope it's not your case.
So, there are people who don't like to
bath or say that they don't have time to
bath for a week.
And they only bath for the weekend.
Okay?
So, it can also be a phrase for them.
I usually take a shower.
Pretty good.
So, upload an image to the class
representing what you usually do on weekends.
Upload an image to the class.
Pon una imagen en el flub que represente
la respuesta a la pregunta.
What do you usually do on weekends?
Okay?
So, the goals achieved today were 22
words, 5 phrases, and vocabulary speaking
and listening developed.
Remember that every step you take forward
is a victory.
So, keep on going.
Okay?
Remember to comment the class and rate
the class.
Haz el comentario y la valoración de la clase.
Bye, bye.
Bye.